DO YOU enjoy cycling? I certainly do . Whenever am on a bike, I feel as free as a bird. If you cannot ride a bicycle yet, you really should try picking up this skill. But before you do so, l have two stories to share with you
The first story took place just two week safter I took up cycling in 2017. I was riding my bike up a bridge. This was easy for me, but it seemed hard for the elderly man ahead of me. He was going very slowly. Finally, I decided to pass him. But just when I was going to turn left , a scooter rushed from behind me. It nearly hit me, but l stopped immediately. I felt angry. Didn't the scooter driver see me? Why didn’t he slowdown? But the man started first. “Is this your first day on the road? Signal before you turn!” he shouted at me and then left quickly The man was rude, but he did teach me a lesson. Since that day, I have always remembered to signal before I turn.
My other story happened last year. I was cycling very quickly down another bridge. Suddenly, an elderly woman stepped onto the bike path ! I put on my brakes as soon as possible. But I braked too hard. My bike skidded and I fell heavily to the ground. It was painful! I could hardly get up for the next few minutes. I looked around and found I was alone. The woman had safely gone on.
What am I trying to tell you by sharing these stories with you? Well, whenever you are cycling, you should be careful. The idea for this article came to me last Friday China’s 11t National Day for Road Safety While it was only one day, the importance of road safety is something to bear in mind at all times.
